So, if you sell cold email mailboxes, you're probably going to hate me for making this video. But, for those of you that use cold email to grow your business or you plan to, this video is [music] for you. If you're using cold email, but you're struggling to hit the inbox or it was working and then all of a sudden it stopped working, listen up. Cuz in this video, I'm going to tell you exactly what is working late 2026. Where to buy your cold email domains, how to set them up. What do you choose? Google, Microsoft, or private SMTP? And how to completely eliminate your monthly cost for cold email mailboxes. But, only if you stick to the end. I'm going to be sharing all of the insider secrets that mailbox infrastructure sellers don't want you to know. So, welcome back to the channel. You already know this is a LeadGenJay video. So, you're going to be getting only the facts that nobody else on YouTube is telling you. I've been using cold email for more than 10 years to grow my agencies and software companies to over a million dollars a month. All right. Let's get started. Now, unfortunately, domain and mailbox infrastructure, not that sexy, not that fun. I'm going to do my best to make it as easy and tolerable as possible. And I'm also going to show you some really cool stuff so you don't have to pay $8.40 per mailbox. You'll be able to have an account like this potentially that has an unlimited lifetime free plan. This among many other insider trade secrets that nobody else is talking about on YouTube, only here. So, let's talk briefly about domains and mailboxes. I've done lots of content about this. Even just last year in 2025, I had this whole 7-hour presentation about how to set up your domains and mailboxes. Most of what I said back then is scratch. You need to keep up with this every year cuz it's always a changing, it's always a moving target. That's why being a part of a community that's actively talking about this stuff is the only right answer. And there's a lot that's changed in 2026. And if you're still doing things the old way, good chance you're ending up in spam. Now, this is a slide from my 2025 presentation. Three pillars of cold email that remains true today. Infrastructure, copy, and list. And if one of those pillars is off, the rest of it doesn't matter. But, the most important pillar and the easiest one to get right is the infrastructure. Actually hitting that person's inbox, meaning the domain and mailboxes are all set up correctly. Because that's the only part that doesn't require strategy. You just do what I tell you and it'll be set up correctly and it will work. It's also the part where most people get hung up on and most people screw [music] up cuz all it takes is one wrong DNS record, one misstep and the whole thing is ruined and you end up in spam [music] and the best copy or the best targeting in the world doesn't matter because you're in their spam box. Now, if you do exactly what I say today, not only you're going to hit the inbox, but you're going to be able to scale your cold email system really quickly, really painlessly and with unbelievable value [music] and cost. All right, so let's talk about the basics. Technical infrastructure, which is domain configuration, mailbox configuration, software setup. If you're stuck in spam, you have no shot. Let's talk about the stuff that has not changed, the basics. And for that we can go here to domain rules. You never send cold emails from your sacred domain, which is your primary domain. If this is the website that you're using to communicate with your team, your vendors, your actual clients, people who have opted in, real sales prospects, you don't want to risk that domain. Cold email is risky. People are going to report you as spam, especially if you're new and you're bad at this and it's going to affect the reputation score of your domain. That reputation score goes down on a cold email, throwaway domain, fine. You can just replace it with another one. If that happens to your main domain, you're screwed, you're out of luck. So, always protect your primary sacred domain. This next one, secondary domains that are similar in names. This is what's traditionally been taught. You want people to have continuity. I like to use my real name in my cold emails. I like to use domains that look like my actual domain. So, if I'm sending from otterpr.com, which is my PR firm, I want to buy domains like otterpublicrelations.com, otterpubrel.com, domains that sound and look similar. So, when somebody goes and searches that domain in Google, it actually goes to the same site and looks legitimate. And we're going to talk about this in detail. Redirects versus domain masking proxies. It sounds scary, but don't worry, I'm I'm to make it really simple to understand. We want to use domains that instill trust. Really long eight-word domains or domains that end in .net or .xyz, something ugly and weird, does not instill trust. [music] If you use weird domains, they might be cheaper, but you're going to scare off your prospects, which is why we like to stick with .coms, .cos. .ios can get really expensive, .ais can get expensive, so we like to stay away from them. But, avoid the ones that might sound sketchy. Lastly, domain age and reputation matter a lot, especially now. And I'm going to show you some tricks to get around this so that you can beef up your domain age and your domain reputation without actually doing anything. All right, now I'm just going to touch on how to do it yourself. For those do-it-yourselfers who want to really own the entire process, save as much money as possible, I'm going to show you exactly how to do that, don't worry. But, then I also want to recommend the best and fastest way to actually scale your system, which is probably not going to be doing it yourself. This part is so technical and so hard to get right. I always encourage my clients [music] to outsource this. If there's any part of the cold email system to outsource, it's the technical setup. Buying and configuring the domains, setting up the mailboxes, warming up the mailboxes. If you get any part of this wrong, you're very likely to end up in spam, and it's very easy for somebody like me to do this right, and it's really easy for someone like you to do it wrong and to screw it up. So, for that reason, I always recommend outsourcing. I'm going to talk through a couple options that you can choose to get Google mailboxes, Microsoft mailboxes, SMTP mailboxes at the lowest possible prices, both through vendors or by doing it yourself. So, where do you buy domains from? Well, I like to buy domains where it's really easy and convenient and cheap. The two places that I will point you to are called dynadot and spaceship.com. Both of these are awesome domain registers. The main reason I like them a lot, they're cheap. They're about 10-11 bucks per .com domain one time for the year, and it's the same price on renewal. Now, if you go to GoDaddy, what you'll notice is you'll pay $12 for that first year, and then it's like 24, 36 after that. So, they screw you on renewals, and they're not API friendly. I like to have a domain registrar where I can do everything from my cloud code, and never have to actually log in to Dynadot [music] or Spaceship ever. I never come in here. I've got thousands of domains. Let's see how many I have. 12,502 domains inside of my Dynadot account, and I never have to log in. It's really easy for me to transfer domains, set up the DNS records, and I can do all of it from my cloud code. And if you're a good boy or girl watching this video, I'm going to show you how to get all of my AI systems that will help you set up domains, set up mailboxes, all the skills, all the tooling to do all of this inside of your cloud code without you needing to go to Dynadot or Spaceship, or your cloud desktop app or your Codex app, I don't care. It's all going to work the same way. [music] So, the great things about these two platforms is you're able to easily search for available domains, and then purchase and configure those domains. So, if you come to either of these platforms, you can use beast [music] mode, and it'll take you to a thing to search for these domains actively. But most importantly, just ask your cloud code to find domains that meet X, Y, and Z parameters, and my AI system will walk you through that as well. The parameters that you should be searching for are domains that are similar to your root word of your domain. So, if my company is leadgenj.com, I might want to find domains with leadgen or leadgenj, get leadgenj, my leadgenj, leadgenj with a three in the middle. Variations that look similar enough to my primary domain. Those are the ones I'm going to be looking for, and you're going to want to buy as many of them as you can right away. That's how you increase your domain age. It's the best long-term solution. Buy all of the domains as soon as you possibly can, even watching this video. Go ahead in here and buy 50 domains. They're super cheap. They're $10 for the whole year, and then they renew at the same price. Now, if you want to know a really secret place where you can go buy really good aged domains for really low cost, are you ready? There's not a good place. Unfortunately, we have scoured the internet. If you have a good one, please drop it in the comments. I work with all of the top people in the industry. If you do want good aged cold email domains, you're going to end up paying $50 per domain, and even then it's not really proven to be a big help, and it's not going to look like your primary domain. So, you're going to be sacrificing that brand continuity to get something that's aged. Now, if you're really struggling to hit the inbox when trying to get through to like Microsoft emails, it might be worth trying. You might also want to think about pre-warmed mailboxes, which is something else that we'll talk about soon. But, for right now, Dynadot or Spaceship. The skills that I'm going to give you are going to give you all of the tooling and a PI documentation and everything that you need so that you can configure domains with Dynadot specifically, so I recommend using this one. Now, also a little expert tip, right now it looks like .co's are on sale for $5 registration. This happens once in a while, and it can be a really good opportunity for you to buy some really low-cost domains. Just know that they typically renew at a higher price. So, Dynadot often has these sales. It's it's worth sometimes [music] hunting to actually find when these are happening so you can stock up. All right, now let's talk about how to set up domains correctly so that you hit the inbox. And this is one of those technical steps that I'm just going to kind of glance over. Every domain has a couple of settings that you're going to need to be aware of. The first is name servers, the second is DNS records. The name servers is who's in charge of managing the DNS records. Wherever those name servers are pointing, that's where you need to configure your DNS records, and the DNS records are the stuff that is checked by the email service providers [music] to decide if you go into spam or not. So, right now I'm in Dynadot. This is one of our newly expired domains, leadinsiders.com, if anybody wants it. And then I'm going to come into DNS settings. So, what you're going to notice here is these name servers are actually managed inside [music] of Cloudflare. So, I can't change the DNS records here in Dynadot. I need to do that over there in Cloudflare, where [music] they're managed. Now, I used to teach, back in the day, you buy a domain here, you add it to Cloudflare, and now you get all the benefits of it being in Cloudflare and you can manage all of your DNS records there. I actually no longer teach that cuz a couple months ago we were all hit with a big wave of blacklists. So, there's all kinds of blacklists. Let's come to Consortia and explain what those are. So, we've got a whole bunch of free tools here, [music] deliverability blacklist checker. A blacklist is essentially one of these companies, Spamhaus or Sorbs or Surbel, saying that your domain is of low reputation and you should definitely send it to spam. So, if I check my domain, I'm going to type in leadgenjay.com, and I want to make sure that I'm not on any blacklists. Knock on wood, I really hope that I'm not right now. Awesome. So, I checked 10, I'm clean on 10. There's way more than 10 out there. There's probably hundreds. They're not all rated equally. They're not all the most important thing. But, what we noticed was that if you add all of the same domain to the same set of name servers, so what I showed you here, Jeff Liberty at Cloudflare. Every Cloudflare account gets the same set of name servers. If Surbel detects [music] that too many domains are in that same Cloudflare account, you may as well raise your hand and say I'm doing cold email. And the goal is for email service providers and these blacklists not to know that you're doing cold email. Other ways to end up on these blacklists is to email a spam trap. A spam trap is an inbox that's actually managed by these guys, and they put inside of B2B databases, they sprinkle them in. And if you email one of those spam traps with a cold email, they can add you to a [music] blacklist. They're not great. If you're on a Spamhaus or a Surbel or any of these other blacklists, it's very likely that your emails are going to go to spam. So, you want to try and stay off of these. Clean your lists. Make sure that you're sending them to actual prospects, and don't put all your domains in Cloudflare. Instead, you can just keep them in Dynadot. Once you buy it, you'll have dynadot name servers, and you can control your DNS records right here inside of Dynadot. Same thing is true and works with Spaceship and GoDaddy and wherever else you buy your domains. Now, if you're planning to do this for clients or maybe start uh cold email [music] infrastructure company like I have, then to get around this, cuz we have, you know, 12,000 plus domains, where do we put them all to protect our clients? I actually did a whole video about this a a few weeks ago. It went viral in the cold email community. I'm going to link it down below. If you want to go a little bit deeper in that, and I teach it in-depth inside of my Lead Gen Insiders community. So, if you're in the infrastructure world, I'm not going to talk about Amazon Route 53 right now, but I do talk about that in that video and inside of my community. So, now that we've talked a little bit about name servers, what DNS records do you need inside of your domains in order to be considered safe? Well, let's come back to Consulti and instead of the blacklist check, let's actually go to DNS check. And I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to scan my domain, legionary.com, and it looks like this needs to get fixed. I got to hit up my UX guy. Anyways, we scan legionary.com low risk assessment and it'll show you the records that it's looking for. And I recommend that you come in here and do this yourself so you can make sure that your domain is set up correctly. The records that you need is a DMARC policy, you need an SPF record, you need a DMARC record, [music] you need a DKIM record, and the correct MX records. Now, this tool checks whether you have the right records and it checks the legitimacy of your domain. Each of these records itself means something a little bit differently, but essentially they're for authentication. They're to say you own this domain, it's not being spoofed, it's real, it's coming from the actual domain. If you need to create these records for the first time, you can come into DNS generator and actually generate all of the records from scratch. If you're using Google Workspace, you don't have to worry about DKIM, you'll actually set that up from the admin panel here. There's a whole feature for DKIM, where it generates that DKIM record, DKIM authentication, and you can use that record inside of your domain. But for the rest of the records, it'll generate it for you right here just by putting your domain in and saying generate DNS records. Cool. It spits out all of the ones that you need to add. If you want [music] a full play-by-play on how to set up the DNS records, you can check out this video that I did years ago that walks you through how to actually put the records in. So, once you're green, all the records are in, you've got your domains purchased, it's coming up as cool, DMARC, DKIM, all good, all green. Now, let's talk about the more complex part, which are the new best practices for configuring [music] your domain. And if you're doing this at a small scale, meaning it's just you, you've got under 50 mailboxes, you're probably not going to have to worry about this. But if you're running a pretty big system and you've got a ton of domains or you're setting them up for clients, this is going to be more [music] relevant to you and it's going to protect you going forward. So, let me show you something really cool. So, this is called domain masking proxies and it's somewhat of a complicated concept, but think about this. I've got my domain leadgendr.com. How does anything know what to show on that domain? It's just a record that you put in there and show it, okay, point here. This is the visual stuff that you want to point that domain to. Domain masking proxy takes that same visual code and puts it on whatever domain that you want. This is my website leadgendr.com and this is not my website consulti.com. This is one of my cold email domains that I purchased and as you can see it is proxying exactly what's on this site. Well, not exactly, but close. This is a kind of a complex little little feature here. Email service providers like Google and Microsoft can't tell the difference. This is opposed to doing a traditional redirect where I would visit this site and as soon as I hit consulti.com, it would redirect me to a different URL. That following that redirect is actually a red flag that, hey, I'm using this for cold email. But, domain masking proxies actually protects that from happening. So, you get better deliverability, higher reputation scores on those domains. But, you need to do it right and I don't recommend you trying to set this up yourself. I recommend you working with a provider who offers this as part of their infrastructure setup. And the answer to your question is yes, we do offer that. If you did want to set up this yourself, just take the transcript of this video, give it over to your cloud code and have at it. I'm sure it can help [music] reverse engineer it for you, but fair warning, it's a So, now that you have your domains, they're on custom isolated name servers on Amazon Route 53, details in the other video, and you've got all of the DNS records set up and [music] you've got your domain masking proxy set up. Awesome. By the way, you can still use redirects. It's still pretty much okay. If you're doing this at a small scale, redirects aren't going to be life or death, but domain masking proxies is definitely level up. Now, let's talk about the moving flag pole, which is mailboxes. So, you've got your domains, this is exactly how you set them up. It's pretty easy, it's pretty straightforward. You can pretty much just follow what I'm telling you, and there's not a lot of decisions you need to make. When it comes to mailboxes, that's not true, and there's going to be a lot more decisions. So, let's come to inboxinsiders.io. This is my mailbox infrastructure company, where we offer Google, Microsoft, and private SMTP mailboxes. Now, let's talk about those three. Google [music] and Microsoft are kind of the big two email service providers. You might hear me say ESP in the future, that's what that means. Those email service providers are in charge of managing the sending IP addresses of that mailbox. So, emails need to come from a server, some computer that's hosting them somewhere to send and receive the email, store the data, and Google and Microsoft have those servers. We are using their servers through Google and Microsoft mailboxes to send and receive emails. And when Google and Microsoft are receiving emails, they can tell what servers those came from. And this is why Google and Microsoft are the two most popular infrastructures to use when sending cold emails, because we're delivering usually to Google or Microsoft emails. So, [music] we want them to see where it's coming from to give us the highest chance of landing in the inbox. Now, does Google land in Google better, or does Google land in Microsoft better? Does Microsoft land in Microsoft better? The answer is, it depends on sometimes. Years ago, Microsoft delivered better to Microsoft. Microsoft delivered better to everything. Then Google took the lead. Right now, Google's in the lead, but by the time you watch this video, that might not be the case. Private SMTP mailboxes are &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; the same thing, same concept, except you're owning the servers. You're owning the IP addresses. Google and Microsoft see that this is coming from a private IP, not from one of ours. So, that can affect deliverability depending on the reputation of that IP address. And I'll even show you how to set up your own. For $10 a month, you can make thousands of SMTP mailboxes. So, it'll be the cheapest possible way to scale your system, but probably the hardest to hit the inbox. Or you can work with companies, you know, like Inbox Insiders or some others that I can recommend like Mission Inbox that work really hard to keep those IP addresses good &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; and deliverability high. So, I'm going to go ahead and just kind of walk through the order form so I can explain things as I go. As you can see, there's a couple options here and this is going to be low or standard pricing, regardless of where you go for mailbox infrastructure. What I don't want you to do is fall for the trap of saying, "I've got better mailboxes [music] than that guy." That's only true for private SMTP. And if you've got a private SMTP provider that's one flat rate for unlimited mailboxes, run. If it's less than $1 per month per mailbox, run. Those are going to be very poor IP addresses and you're not going to have no chance of landing in the inbox. You want to work with a reputable provider for these SMTP mailboxes, like Inbox Insiders or Mission Inbox. Now, for SMTP and for Google, they're going to follow very similar rules. We like to keep it under 100 emails per day per domain, which means that one domain can have usually no more than three or four mailboxes. In fact, for us by default, we set it to three mailboxes [music] per domain. That way, even if those mailboxes kind of ramp up their sending volume a little bit, they're still under that threshold of 100 per day. Now, that's not a hard rule set by Google. Google actually lets you send 2,000 emails per day per mailbox, but we don't come anywhere near that cuz we want to stay under the radar of any flags or suspicions that these get these guys might be sending cold emails. And we follow very similar rules for these private SMTPs. Kind of same guidelines, same thresholds. [music] However, what you're going to see differ a lot is these Microsoft mailboxes. I'm going to be giving you some insider trade secrets right now. The first is Google Workspace. So, what you'll notice right off the top is that if I want a monthly Google Workspace mailbox, it's going to be 840 per month directly [music] paid to Google. So, how in the heck can I offer you mailboxes for 350 a month? How does that make any sense? Well, me and all of the other infrastructure providers that are reselling Google [music] mailboxes are actually using reseller accounts, negotiated rates from Google [music] where we get the mailboxes cheaper, sell them to you for slightly more. Very small margins there. But, you You to avoid paying these massive fees for Google mailboxes. You can do this for a few and see the difference if there is any. Promise there's not, tested. And this is one of the other main reasons doing it yourself isn't really a great option because you don't want to pay $9 per month per mailbox. You can get way more mailboxes by going [music] through an authorized reseller. Now, here's another little hack. What you're going to see here is something that you probably never seen before. So, if you ever log into your Google admin panel, admin.google.com, [music] you probably come to your subscription billing and you don't see this. So, this is a Google legacy panel. [music] These are legacy Google accounts that were sold decades ago Google first [music] came out and you can actually still buy these. So, I right now have 24 mailboxes running in here. I can set up up to 300. They're the same Google Suite Workspace emails and I can send cold emails from them [music] and I'm never going to be billed another monthly fee. I'm going to show you exactly where to get these. A word of caution nowadays, these are expensive and they're [music] temperamental. Google is likely to shut these down if they detect too much weirdness over time. They used to [music] tolerate them really well. Now, there's a good chance you get a notice and they'll say, you know, we detected that you're breaking these rules. We're going to shut this down in 30 days. Go ahead and off-board. So, these are still a pretty good option if you're willing to take the risk and if you can get these working, I have probably still over 100 of these things, then it's going to make you a ton of money long term. I'll show you how to get one of these towards the end of the video, but let's continue going through the different mailbox options. Work with a reseller like us for these Google mailboxes. All resellers are pretty much the same. If you see Google mailboxes for $3.50 a month, $4 or $5 a month, it's usually through these exact same thing. There are no differences. [music] Now, when it comes to Microsoft, you'll see two kind of different options. The one that we sell and most people sell now when it comes to cold email [music] are these where you'll pay 30, 40, 50 bucks for 50 mailboxes. [music] And these mailboxes have different limitations. You want to send less emails per day per mailbox. Now, this is actually through a Microsoft loophole where you're using Azure tenants to create these mailboxes that are essentially made for like fax machines and you can send and receive cold emails [music] through them. I don't know how long this whole loophole is going to last but people have been using this for years [music] and it's very effective. You just need to make sure to heavily monitor your warm up and the number of emails that you send per day per mailbox and then you can pretty much add a ton of these mailboxes for a super low price. This is through an Azure tenant loophole [music] at Microsoft. If you don't see a pricing structure like this where it's 30, 40, 50 bucks for 50 mailboxes, that means you're probably getting a traditional Microsoft mailbox and it will follow the same general rules as Google Workspace and you're probably going to be paying five, six, seven, eight dollars per month for that Microsoft mailbox. So right now as it stands, Google is probably the strongest in terms of deliverability. If you had to pick from any of these three, I would start with Google and then I would add SMTP and add Microsoft afterwards. I like to differentiate your sending infrastructure so you're not reliant on a single provider because every year some BS happens and SMTP stops working or Microsoft stops working or Google does a wave and bans all of your mailboxes and you have to rebuild. So it's good to have a little differentiation. So I'm going to go ahead and change this to nine mailboxes which means only three domains and you can see the sending capacity that that's available and I'm going to hit continue. The next thing you're going to want to do is give it a website. So what is your primary website? The reason it uses this is so that it can &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; mask that website. It can grab the content and consult the AI and put that same content, mask it on your new cold email domain. For email sender name, you really want to make sure to use a founder name if it's a friendly founder name and they can Google you. So anything that's trust, you're trying to build trust in a cold email. It's the [music] number one hurdle you have to get through. They don't know who you are and they don't trust you. One of the fastest ways to get around that is use your real name, use your real LinkedIn, be a real person. So for that reason, I like to use my actual name. I recommend that you do the same. As you can see, we come with domain masking. That's checked by default. Now I like fast and easy mode. This lets us buy and configure all of the domains for you with all the bells and whistles. Domain masking, custom isolated name servers. However, you do have the option for full control, which is you bring your own domains. We'll do our best to integrate them into our mailboxes, set up the mailboxes, and install them for you. For the purposes of this video, I'm going to say fast and easy cuz I want your infrastructure scaling to be as seamless as possible. [music] And then it's going to generate some domain names that are similar to our primary domain. You can refine the suggestions, give your own ideas. I'm just going to go ahead and run with those. I'm going to say continue. Confirm domains. Now, because I chose Google, it's giving me the option to add a headshot photo. I recommend doing this. Adding that photo in Google is nice, and some people will see it and it'll increase trust, and it's a signal to Google that, "Hey, this is a real person sending real emails." So, I do recommend adding a headshot photo here. If you're setting up SMTP or Microsoft, you will not see this option. This is the other main reason that I recommend using uh setup partner like us is we actually do all of the connection and warm-up for you. So, if you already have a cold email sequencer like Instantly or SmartLead or Reach Inbox or Email Bison, we can actually [music] configure those mailboxes for you inside of your sequencer. You don't have to worry about connecting them, OAuth connections with your Google Admin or your Microsoft or your SMTP. We just connect them and we warm them up for you. If you do want to yolo it, you can just say, "I'll set them up myself." or "Do not upload them for me." and we'll just send you the credentials. And after that, it's pretty simple. We install them for you inside of your cold email sequencer. But now, we need to talk about what happens after, which is the warm-up process. quality of warm-up and what happens. If you just set up these cold email mailboxes right now and started sending cold emails tomorrow, they're all going to go to spam. Why? Because the mailbox and the domain still have super low reputation and trust scores. [music] They're brand new and they've never done any sort of warm exchange with other mailboxes. There's no data on these things, so they're considered to be cold. [music] What you want to do is warm them up. I like to say at least 2 weeks, but really it's at least 4 weeks. Leave them in there doing a high-quality good warm-up inside of a really strong warm-up tool. Now, the reason that I really like Instantly and Email Bison is because they have a very high-quality warm-up pool. Do not buy your mailboxes at any of these companies, Instantly or SmartLead. They're going to try and sell you mailboxes. They're even going to try and sell you pre-warmed mailboxes. Avoid them for a couple of reasons. The first, they don't let you leave. If you ever want to change cold email sequencers, they will hold those mailboxes hostage. You're also going to be paying more money to keep them there. Sure, there's convenience. However, it's not going to be worth it cuz eventually you're probably going to want to move off of Instantly to SmartLead or to PlusVibe or to Email Bison. Happens all the time, and you don't want them holding any of your stuff hostage. Second reason, especially when it comes to pre-warmed mailboxes. So, let's go ahead and &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; go to products, email accounts. So, they will try and sell you pre-warmed mailboxes, mailboxes that have some sending history, and they might actually inbox pretty well. Now, if you do use their pre-warmed mailboxes, just know it's going to have some random person's name, some random person's domain. I don't like doing that just cuz it's there's you don't have that trust, that continuity that is already kind of hard to build during cold email. So, using some fake person's name or some fake domain really makes that trust gap even harder to bridge, and you end up paying more. So, it's really worth it just to start your setup now and wait them out. It's easy enough as it is. Don't don't jump on their pre-warmed mailboxes. However, I don't want to talk Instantly cuz I really like Instantly. What I like most about them is their warm-up pool. So, as you can see, I'm in a premium warm-up pool right now. These mailboxes have been warming up for a long time. They're super healthy. Their deliverability is unbelievable. Instantly does a very good job keeping an unlimited free warm-up pool available for everybody, and that is not an easy thing to do. If you use a low-tier cheap sequencer with unlimited warm-up, chances are if your emails are going to spam or it's not working, it's because their warm-up pool is crap. So, a good warm-up pool is essentially a giant bucket of cold email mailboxes that are interacting with each other every day, sending emails to one another, removing them from spam, marking them as important. And if you have too many low reputation mailboxes inside of that bucket, [music] it corrupts the entire bucket, virus spreads, and they all get bad. It's a really hard thing to deal with, and one of the main reasons that I will not build this inside of consulting. I don't want to deal with it. So, I [music] leave that kind of work to companies like Instantly and Email Bison, which do a really good job managing those warm-up pools [music] that are free and unlimited. So, most of the top warm-up companies email sequences [music] are going to work pretty much the same way. You want to have these settings set up. You can take screenshots wherever as you go. Campaign slow ramp, you want to enable this. This means you don't go from zero to 50 emails day one. You slowly ramp up the volume, which is natural, tells them this is a human sending pattern. And for warm-up settings, you want to increase every day by a set amount until you reach about the amount that you send per day [music] from that mailbox. So, cold emails per day equals warm-ups per day. And I actually like cranking my reply rates all the way up as [music] high as they will let me. These are the warm-up settings that we primarily use. I would even potentially go a little bit higher on those warm-up settings, maybe to 25. This is how you're going to do good high-quality warm-up, and it mostly [music] depends on the warm-up pool that you're in. So, avoid any low-cost warm-up tools, low-cost brand-new sequencers that offer free unlimited warm-up. Don't trust them. Trust the tried and true Instantly. Smartly does a good job. Email Bison does a good job. And then, side note, if you have a primary domain, a primary mailbox that's having some trouble, and you want to really ramp up and juice up your primary domain, you can use a higher-end warm-up tool like warmy.io. And warmy.io will let you send 1,000 emails per day from [music] a single mailbox all with warm-up, and it's really, really high-quality warm-up, but it's a couple hundred bucks per month. So, just a little side note there. All right. Now, if you're like me and you don't want to have to go into all these different platforms to set up your mailbox infrastructures, I like to do it all with my Cloud Code. Of course, we made a feature in Inbox Insiders to make it as easy as possible for you to use our API. We've got a Cloud skill that you can copy. We've got a CLI that you can copy so that we can find domains, set up mailboxes, connect them [music] all for you. All done easily from our API. So, you never even have to log in here and place an order manually. We can place that order for you &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; just like this with our API documentation. And of course, this skill is going to be completely free for you if you want to install the skill and start to use it to set up domains and mailboxes. Now, I told you at the beginning of this video that I would show you how to get one of these accounts, these unlimited G Suite accounts. We call them Google Legacy panels. This is an insider trade secret that I started talking about a few months ago. I used to keep this just for my insiders program, which you should join by the way because this video is not only sponsored by Inbox Insiders, but the Lead Gen Insiders. So, if you go to leadgenj.com/insiders, [music] I do have a private community where I actually do the weekly coaching. I have all of the actual insider trade secrets inside of this, and you get access to everything. You get free Inbox Insiders, you get free Consulti, you get free tools, you get 100 million leads for free. I just make it like a no-brainer. [music] Duh, why wouldn't I join this thing? So, I hope to see you in here and back to the video. How do you get a Google Legacy panel like this? Well, there are a couple of websites that you can go to. One of them being gwslegacy.com. They're all owned by the same person, and they're all pretty much still in business. Now, these used to be $300 one-time fee for these accounts, which is when I stocked up. I have hundreds of these accounts. Now, they are no longer that price. They're they're pushing $2,000, but it is a one-time fee. So, if you add that up, you know, what what would you typically be paying? $3.50 per mailbox times 300, that's over a thousand bucks per month to keep those mailboxes up-to-date. So, it takes two months for this to pay for itself. So, this is worth at least looking into, especially if you're using these mailboxes not for cold email. So, what I'm primarily using these for now, since they're a little bit dangerous to send actual cold emails from, is I'm using this for my real company emails, and I'm using them for other use cases for G Suite products such as deliverability testing. If you [music] come into Consulti, you can actually do a free inbox placement test. How do you think we run these inbox placement tests so efficiently? It's through the G Suite mailboxes that we have set up in our legacy panels. So, if you ever wanted to come in and run a free inbox placement test as many as you want, you can do so here. So, there's lots of use cases for these accounts that aren't just cold email. But, of course, you can use them for cold email at your own risk. And I'll link this down below in case you want to come here and check it out and reference it. I will also say there's other ones that look very tempting. Education up to 10,000 users, nonprofit up to 10,000 users. So, there's a couple of [music] big catches here. First big catch is secondary domain setup. With this 300-user account, I can set up as many domains in there as I want, so I can set up lots of different mailboxes under different domains. Here, can't really do that. Other big problem here is these actually are more likely to get banned. I've had more of these nonprofit and education panels get taken [music] down than these. These are the safest ones to buy. So, if you're going to buy one of these legacy panels, stick to these 300-user accounts. They're the sturdiest. They'll still get taken down if you if you abuse them. You send [music] bad cold emails. But, these will definitely get taken down and will not be useful for you. No affiliate link there. You can go ahead and use this at your own risk. But, what I will do for you is if you want to place a mailbox order with us at Inbox Insiders, I'll waive your first domain fees. So, typically, we charge you $12 per domain on domains that we buy for you. If you order your first order with us, new customers only, we will waive your domain fees. I'm going to put the coupon code and link down in the description of this video. That should save you at least a couple hundred bucks if you place an order with us. All right. I hope that was a thorough video on infrastructure and what is working today. For more information on this and really go deep, you got to join our Lead Gen Insiders. And there's some other videos that I'm going to link down below to refer you to go deep in DNS records or go deep into Route 53 isolated name servers. I've got other videos covering those topics in more detail. But, for the most detail, you got to get in the Insiders program. Thank you so much for watching. It means a ton that you support for channel. And if you want to support it a little bit more, hit the like button down below. It means a lot. Subscribe to the channel unless you hate money, and leave a comment and let me know your thoughts. Thank you so much, and I'll see you soon.