In this video, we're going to go over how my agency, Growth Engine X, sent over 100,000 emails in less than 30 days so that we could collect $50,000 as an affiliate of a super awesome offer. We're going to go over how we got started so fast, how we built the lists, how we use Grog Bot to manage everything so that if you're setting up cold email campaigns and you're in a rush, you can learn from this video and hopefully you could do something like this, too. All right, so let's go over a couple of numbers here. So, we sent about 106,000 emails and we were getting one positive response for every 286. I hope to do a video one day so I can show you this offer so that this totally makes sense for you. If anything, this was a little bit high for what I would consider this offer should be getting. That turned into 373 positive replies, of which we got about a 62% booking rate. That gave us 231 meetings and then we were paid on a pay per attended call. We never do performance deals, but this offer was so great, I just did that so that we could be a part of the upside and all these other things, which basically amounted to $50,000. Transparently, in this very moment, the first half has been paid and we already have the second invoice out. I just want to be very, very transparent about that, but you know how the YouTube overlords work. If you've seen any of my videos, you know that cold email, in order to get a response, requires three things. How are we going to send emails? Who are we going to send emails to? And what are we going to say to them? Now, I will tell you that this whole email was three sentences and we spin taxed 20 versions of the subject line and then we had to unsubscribe messaging. I know for my fans who have watched many of our videos, this is so weird I'm not sharing it. One day, I will share it if the contract gets extended so that you guys can get on this offer as well, too. For how did we send? So, we always keep generic inboxes warming so that our customers can use it so that we could do marketing for ourselves or if any of these blitz opportunities show up, we want to be able to take advantage of them. So, we were able to get started so fast because this 30-day window, we literally hit the ground running and started sending immediately because we always keep generic inboxes warming. And so, what I'd recommend for you in your business is whatever amount of emails you need to be sending per day, I always keep a fraction of my spend on my inboxes always warming up so that if we ever need to increase volume or anything happens to the inboxes and they start going to spam, we are always prepared. The other thing is just right before this video, we were in beta for Hypertyed to be warming domains for us at no cost. So, of course, we put 300 domains on their warm up and then just so happened that this offer was ready and then we pulled those domains off as well, too, and we started paying for Google inboxes on that. And then finally, we also bought aged domains from coldemaildomains.com, which I'll show you right here, where you can literally look up domains. And for us, because it didn't matter what the domains looked like, we just filter by closeout and then I was just looking for every .com domain that was $5. And we were just buying a bunch of these. The age of the domain 100% matters. It allows you to be able to set up inboxes for, say, uh three or four days of warm up and then you can just hit it and just go full tilt on it. So, within a weekend, basically, you could get these inboxes spun up and then start sending with great deliverability. The main thing that you lose when you're sending from these aged domains is control over the brand name. So, using this for clients is not really a thing that we often do because you lose that control. But, in instances like this or if in your business you don't care what domain it comes from, I highly recommend you could start using aged domains to get started way faster. So, then, the way that we built the list is we combined Mult Sets, Blitz API, Quick Enrich, Prospector, and Get Leads. The reason why we use all of these is one, we already have access to all of these, but two, I have found that I ran a test, I scraped 10,000 random leads off of Sales Navigator. I think we can all agree that Sales Navigator is the source of truth for what LinkedIn data says. And when you're buying these data platforms, most often they are all who are you betting on that can keep the best second copy of LinkedIn with email validated data. That's all we're basically betting on. And so, I ran a test and they all have their strengths and weaknesses in certain areas, but none of them are perfect. But, when you layer them together, you get absolutely the best coverage. So, that's why we pulled the list from all of them. The TAM was really wide, we could email any CEO in the United States with over 25 employees. And these are the tools that we used. And if you need to see the websites, Prospect. Just quick overview, I think Prospect has the best filters out of the box in the game. Quick and Rich is great for having emails that are not on other platforms. Get Leads has a really great MCP server. Mult sets has really great email validated data. They have a ranking A through F. And A is a email that somebody has successfully sent to and there's been an open, a reply or something else. And then B is it's been successfully sent but there's been no bounce or something like that. So I really like their data. And then oh, it didn't I didn't include it in here. But we use Lead Magic for all of the email validation data as well. And then they also just started unlocking some contact and company data as well too. But they were our email validation provider on top of all of these things too. On my second channel, we tested 500 of of our most recent positive replies and we would have lost 80 of them if we didn't have Lead Magic in our stack because of their catch-all verification. And then Clay threw most of it out because of enrich person and enrich company integration. We needed to make sure that the business had been in business for 5 years, they had over 25 employees, and their team was based mostly in the United States. So I could do all of these things in the other platforms with their filters. But we needed to make sure that over 80% of their team was located in the United States. So we used Clay's find contact at criteria in order to do that. And just confirm that, what's the total employee head count? How many of them are located in the United States? Make sure that number is above 80%. And then we were rocking and rolling and we were good to go. So then we sent out our copywriting which I will share one day, I promise you. And then this was so many replies, I didn't want to manage it. So we set up a Grock Bot to be managing it instead. And so it was connected to their calendar API checking to see if people booked or not. I gave it a script of things to say and by the third email oh well actually, a customer just asked us our reply framework. And so basically my reply framework is first email, you you to get back to them as fast as possible and you basically say, "Hey, I'm available at this time and this time." Well, answer any question that they have in their emails well, too. "I'm available at this time and this time, or if it's more convenient for you, would you want to book on my calendar link?" The reason we do that is cuz there's some people who are offended if you put a calendar link in their face, and then there's other people who will never book unless there's a calendar link. So, just make everybody happy and include both of them. Then, if they don't book, a day later, we will follow up and we'll say, "Hey, I lost both of those times. Do you want to book with my calendar link, or I'm available at this time and this time?" And that's just something I learned from Oren Klaff, so it doesn't feel like you're not just saying, "Hey, following up on this," or something like this. You're a sales person who's, you know, your time is getting booked up, for whatever that's worth. Then, in the third, if we need to follow up a third time, we will have the Grockit then look up things about their business and say, "Hey, you know, you should really take this call." And then it's looking up their company description and their website, and it writes out like a line specific to them about why we think they should take the call and it's going to be valuable to them. And then, the fourth email follow up, same thing. Whatever times we suggested in the third email, we just say, "Hey, we've lost those times. Would you want to book on another time, or do you want to use this calendar link?" Basically, then we would give them to a warm caller that we commissioned out, but if they didn't book after four emails and the warm caller, because of the sprint, we just gave up, but you could keep going, I suppose. They did say yes. And so, then why did it take days and not quarters? It was because of the aged domains. And I mean, the revenue was also because it was a really amazing offer that we were an affiliate part of, and we weren't concerned about the fulfillment. But, we were able to get this started so fast because we had aged domains that we keep internally. Hypertide is now warming up domains for free, and because of those aged domains from coldemaildomains.com. And so, we set up all these campaigns with Grockit. We use the Clay CLI. We use Smart Lead for sending. We use the agent to book, and then that's how we basically speed ran $50,000 in revenue. And what I'd like to I want the takeaway for this video to really be is that cold email absolutely still works. You just need an offer that can really rip, like this offer did. And no matter what you're doing, all of the fundamentals are the same. You need to be sending from domains that are landing in people's inboxes. You have something interesting to say to them, need to send it to the right people. All of those things stay the same no matter if your offer is crazy and it's awesome for cold traffic or if, you know, you're still working on your offer and you're trying to get there or you need to do more more, you know, signal-based warm emailing as I might call it. And so, all the fundamentals stay the same. That's how we did it. I hope you got a couple nuggets about how we were able to move so fast on these kind of things so you could do the same thing for your business. So, I hope to see you in the next video, everyone.