I began my cold email journey back in 2019 and the very first campaign I ran was helping hospitals receive donations right at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic. In those seven years, I actually did the math and I've earned over $10 million providing these cold email services on behalf of our customers. I've worked with companies like the US Army, Forbes, ClickUp, Clay, Instantly.ai, amazing companies that I've had the pleasure to be able to work with. Today, we're going to be going over the lessons that I've learned in those seven years so that you can increase your reply rate on your campaigns and then of course increase the revenue that you're doing for your business. Whenever I'm thinking about just receiving a positive response from cold email, I'm thinking about three buckets. Bucket one is how are we going to send these emails? What's the sending infrastructure and how are we going to send them? Then I'm thinking about who are we going to email? How are we going to build the list? Where are we going to source it from? How are we going to filter it? How are we going to segment it? And then I think about what are we going to say to those people? What's our campaign strategy? What's the copywriting? What's the offer? All of those things. So whenever you're having problems with your campaigns, always think about it as is this an infrastructure issue, is this a list issue, or is this an offer issue? And we'll be giving our tips in that order as well, too. For deliverability, everybody is saying the generic things, buy separate domains, get these inboxes, use a provider like Hypertide or Zap Mail or any of these things, hook them up to Instantly and SmartLead and you're set. You've heard that advice over and over and over again. When you are trying to figure out what domains are working and what inboxes are working, there's a couple of clues that you can use, but they don't point to the real issues and this is the five-level process that we use to figure out if domains or inboxes are having an issue. Level one is the warm-up reputation scores. I don't think that in Instantly or SmartLead the warm-up reputation scores are really that great, but honestly anything below a 99 or a 100% I start getting really suspicious of the inbox. Any inbox that's at like a 92% reputation, we're automatically pulling out of the campaign. I don't test it or do anything else with it, but the reason why we have levels is because even an inbox that's at a 100% warm up reputation is going to be it could be going to spam and you might not even know it. So, the second level that we then do is if we think some of the inboxes are going to spam, but they have 100% reputation and we're not sure, we'll do a seed inbox test. So, what this is is through Instantly, SmartLead, you can send to a list of what are called seed inboxes. These are just inboxes that SmartLead, Zap Mail, Instantly have control over. You can send a test email into those seed inboxes and they will report back to you did it land in inbox, did it land in spam, where did it go, etc. These can help you directionally, but the problem is that the inboxes that you're sending to have never marked an email as spam before. So, it's not really anything like human behavior at all. So, if we're still not sure what inboxes and domains are good, we move on to level three, which is the actual reply rate from the campaign. Across all of our domains, we schedule an automation every Friday to look at every domain and every inbox and it pulls how many emails did we send this week, how many replies did we get this week, how many emails did we send two weeks ago, and how many replies did we get two weeks ago across that bandwidth. And anything that has sent at least 100 emails and has less than a 1% reply rate, we cancel and we remove from our campaigns. And let's say our customer needs to send 3,000 emails per day. We have 100 inboxes that can send the 3,000 emails per day cuz we're sending 30 emails per day per inbox. And then, we have what we call insurance inboxes. We have the capacity to send 1,500 emails a day, which is just 50 inboxes, and we just keep that warming up. So, we're using these 100 inboxes actively in the campaigns and we're keeping these to the side. So, when there's a problem with the active inboxes, we can cancel those and their subscription, move the inboxes from the insurance pool to the active pool, and then we never have any downtime on sending. Sometimes though, we might even be thinking, well, is it the copywriting that people aren't replying to? Are these inboxes actually dead? And this is the point that I don't think anybody else is doing. Level four, we keep track of all of the replies that we get for all of our customers. And what you'll see is you'll see automated responses from inboxes. And in those automated responses, sometimes they'll say this email is no longer monitored, it's not being sent to anybody. We save all of those because we actually use them for seed inbox testing for ourselves. So internally, we have a list of like 10,000 of these inboxes where we can send an email and you should get a response back. And what we've noticed is sometimes we will see domains that pass or are ambiguous about the reply rate test. They pass the seed inbox test, but they don't receive any forwarding emails back, which really gives us a lot of insights into which ones we should be cutting. And I don't see anybody talking about this, but it's a great way to be able to test these little inboxes because you really should be getting like an 80% reply rate on these inboxes. I would definitely say anything below 60% you should just kill. And so start saving all of them, use Claude to read all of your replies and see if you have any of these. And then you could do real life testing on inboxes that have potentially marked people as spam before inside of these inboxes. And then level five is getting real positive behaviors. So another thing that we will do is we'll go to our customers and we'll say, "Hey, just to keep this inbox warming better, can we use these inboxes for anything else to help you in the business?" Anything else that gets a really high positive response rate. For instance, candidate sourcing is usually something that you get a really high response rate on. Or emailing people about being partners is something that you get a really high response rate on. We have seen that when we have some other thing to email from the inbox that's going to get a high positive response rate, we prolong the life of the inbox because not only do we have the warm-up emails which Google absolutely knows that you're sending these warm-up emails. We have these real positive responses coming in as well, too. And then you get this baseline of positive responses that when you know that your partnership campaign starts failing and you can see which inboxes aren't getting the high reply rate on a partnership campaign or a candidate campaign or something that should absolutely get a positive response, then you know that you're having an issue in there. I usually see when people are talking about deliverability, they're really just talking about level one and level two. I've never seen anybody else talk about level four and level five. And level five is definitely prolonging the health of the inboxes for us as well, too. So, our second check-in for deliverability is just a quick talk about how we're pulling out these inboxes and everything. We actually automatically set up a lot of these things, and we're using Claude's skills to set it all up. So, we do spam tests every day, and then we're checking the reply rate on a weekly basis as well, too. And then on Saturdays is when we'll do the auto response thing, and then we keep the likely positive response rate campaign on at all times. And so, this slide is really just use Claude Code to automate all of these things. Take this transcript, say, "Hey Claude, how can I take advantage of the deliverability tips, and how can we automate some of those things?" Just using a deliverability tool and just trusting the warm-up reputation and only looking at reply rate isn't going to get you the whole picture. This is how you could really use Claude Code, Codex, Grok, Cursor to really get the entire picture here. A third tip from here is a new Hypertide feature. We have been beta testing a feature with Hypertide that allows us to warm up domains for free. The way it works is Well, in the past, we would buy, just like I said, the capacity to send 3,000 emails a day, and then we would keep inboxes warming that we could send 1,500 a day. But, we're paying for those inboxes. What Hypertide has allowed us to do is we can warm up those domains for absolutely free on their platform. So, instead of us paying the billing for the 1,500 on the side, we just pay the billing of the inboxes for the active 3,000, and then we go to the domains that they're warming up for us in this new product that they're launching, and we just turn on the Google inboxes, start the billing period, we can put them into the campaigns. 24 to 48 hours to live. They've been really good. It's really an awesome feature from them. Completely new. I've never seen anybody else do it. We've already talked about point number four, always holding 50% extra capacity. We've already been through that. So, of the fifth thing that I want to talk about today is we are starting to see the potential of there being issues with website forwarding or forwarding of the domains. So, usually when you buy these domains, you buy go.growthenginx.com, which then forwards to to We have seen not from Google and not from Outlook, but some of the blacklisting providers catching up on this forwarding domain thing and then putting us on blacklists. Now, 2 days ago, I saw an announcement from Google that they don't trust the blacklists like Sorbs or any of those other things. They're only using their internal spam protection policies. This is totally an optional thing, but just in case this starts becoming a bigger deal, with Cloud Code, Railway, it's so easy to just spin up microsites that for some of our customers we've stopped forwarding the domain from gogrowthenginx.com to growthenginx.com. But, at the same time, like I said, ClickUp is one of our customers and we forward all of the domains from these little domains to the main domain and we have zero issues. I don't want you to think that this is a mandatory thing, but it's something that's really easy and if you think it might be an issue, go for it. The counter thought to this is if Google actually started looking at forwarding and then said, "Oh, well, this domain is forwarding to this domain and this domain is sending spam. Let's ruin domain." Then, I've a new business model for somebody. Let's just start a domain that looks like Salesforce and it forwards to Salesforce and then we can just sell Bitcoin on it and then we just tank the Salesforce email reputation. Theoretically, they could do this, but in practice, it would be so easy for bad actors to ruin email reputation that I don't think Google and Outlook are ever going to do this, but we are seeing the blacklist providers start catching on to this. Of course, never sending from your main domain. Some of you who might be watching this, I just wanted to include this because so far a lot of the tips have been really advanced. We still have people who are sending from their main domain and they're saying, "Well, I don't want to send from gogrowthenginx.com or getgrowthenginx.com because it looks weird and it's spammy and all these other things." The risk of you sending from your domain is so much higher that you just shouldn't. If you stop being able to send email communication on your main domain, is that a bigger risk than a person who has never heard of your brand before and they've never seen your website maybe investigating your website and seeing that it forwards to the real thing. It's never been an issue. Then, you always want to be monitoring. So, I did say that we monitor every 7 days and 14 days for deliverability. We do have a warning for something that has a huge drop. So, if some inbox or domain had a 1.5% reply rate and then it drops to a 0.2% reply rate, we do look into that immediately. So, I'd also ask Claude or Codex, whatever your favorite tool is, to set up a warning around that because that's really important that if you see any of those huge drop-offs, the main thing I'd be checking for is you might have emailed a spam trap. So, I would probably go to a more premium provider that can catch these spam traps and see if any of the emails that you emailed in the last day were on a spam trap cuz if they were, you got to be pulling those domains out immediately because they're just going to get tanked. It also could have come from content fingerprinting. So, more and more, we're seeing if you are sending emails with a little bit of spin tax or no spin tax, which if you haven't seen a cold email video before, spin tax is just adding synonyms to the message so you get more variations. So, instead of every email coming out of an inbox saying, "Hey Eric. Hey Julia. Hey Mary." It could say, "Hey. Good afternoon. Hello. Good evening." And you get all of the transitions there so that it's not the same email going out over and over and over again. A year ago, I didn't even think spin tax was necessary at all. And just today, I had a campaign that was getting a 0.3% reply rate and then I added spin tax to the campaign and got a 1.2% reply rate by the end of the day. It's definitely making a difference as well. You want to be looking for these sudden drops as well, too, so you know if you need to add more spin tax. Check your signatures and make sure your signatures have spin tax and your unsubscribe language has spin tax in it as well, too. And then, we do word level spin tax as well. If you just go to Claude and you say, "Hey, can you spin tax this for me?" It might kind of just like keep repeating the same sentence and only change one word and call that a spin tax. So, if you tell it do word level spin tax, then you'll get like three variations of synonymous words. All right. So, for list building, the people will ask questions all the time of how do I build this list? And you always want to think backwards about, well, how do these people show up? Most of the time people show up on LinkedIn or they show up on Google Maps. Those are the biggest things. So, if you're targeting SAS or finance or professional services, they'll be on LinkedIn. But if you're targeting local businesses, they'll be on Google Maps. There might be hard things like peptide manufacturers that they don't quite show up on Google Maps and they're not quite going to show up on LinkedIn. That's where you want to use an AI tool like DiscoLike, Ocean.io, Apollo.io, Parallel.io, something that is is more AI heavy to be able to process those lists. The next thing that I always tell people is people constantly come to me and they'll say, "Oh, do you think this provider is better than this provider which is better than this provider?" I buy all of them. I don't care. Like as long as the pricing works out, just in case they give us different coverage. If you cannot afford a subscription to all of them though, you really want to know what's the best for you. What I would recommend doing is I would build a Sales Navigator search. And if you don't have a Sales Navigator license, if you go to inappify.com, there's something called the Harvest API and they can scrape Sales Navigator for you. And I would go to AI and I would just say, "Hey, can you build me a Sales Navigator link for this niche? This is what I'm trying to do." AI knows how Sales Navigator links are constructed. So, if you were to say, "I want a Sales Navigator link of CEOs with 11 to 50 employees in marketing services in the United States," it spits out that link. Go to Appify and check it and make sure that it works. And use Claude to just keep fixing the link if that doesn't work. Or if you have access, just build the link yourself. With the Harvest API, you can then scrape that Sales Navigator link and get the truest, most up-to-date data. For right now, the cost is $0.004 per lookup in Sales Navigator. All of these providers are basically going to be using that LinkedIn data. So, if you're asking me, "Is ZoomInfo the best? Is Apollo the best?" They're all based on LinkedIn data. So, instead of asking which one is the best, pull your live lead list because they're all getting it from LinkedIn and Sales Navigator is going to be the most updated. And then compare with a browser automation or the API of the tools that you're using, who gets the closest to the Sales Navigator list? And then, you've got your answer. So, then you know over time which one to be going with. Point 10, knowing what email finders actually do so you don't overpay for them. Most people's email is just some permutation of their name at the domain that they work at. My email for my company is eric@growthgenx.com. Sometimes, it's first name last name at company name. Sometimes, it's first.last. Sometimes, it's first initial and last name. These are all super LeadMagic is like .00005 for a lookup. I don't know the pricing, but it's ridiculously cheap. What we do, because LeadMagic has such great catch-all catching and it's so well priced, what we do is our first line of defense for finding these emails is literally just guessing the most common permutations of people's emails. We don't even send it to another provider. We literally just use the LeadMagic validation, and we just input with a formula, is it first name at, is it last name at? I see people paying for email addresses when it's just literally six verification credits for a lot of these easy ones. And LeadMagic has the catch-all validation in it. If you can't find the email by just guessing the email, we want to move on to the next step. And the next step you want to go pay a provider for. This is where you want to know the under the hood of what some of these people are doing. And so, the main reason that you won't be able to find an email address just by guessing is either because they don't fit into those common permutations, but you don't want to guess 28 permutations cuz you're just going to be wasting money, or they have a catch-all domain. And so, that's when you want to pay for the LeadMagic email finder, the Prospect.io email finder, the ICP's email finder because they have invested more in this work here. But, what I would highly suggest is don't go pay money for the super easy ones that you can just go Well, you're going to have to pay money, but don't overpay for the super easy ones. Pass that off to the other providers when the easy way doesn't work, and then you can go to somebody who's already figured out their naming convention. Maybe they this person has their middle name in their email or something crazy. You're not going to be able to get that. When you're buying email providers, you want to be buying something specific from all of them. You know, I see people buying like subscriptions with Prospect.io, ICP's, Signals. They're just buying all these email providers. But I'm like, have you ever tested that if you were to just run three of them, would you get 90% of your results? So, what I'd like to do is each of our vendors that we're buying data from, we want them to solve specific problems. Whether they're solving email problems or solving other problems. Let's take an example. I subscribe and I pay for prospector.io, Quick and Rich, Blitz API, and GetLead. All of them solve a different problem. I have in my testing have seen the Blitz API to be the closest thing to LinkedIn data. Prospector has the best filters, bar none, straight out of the box of any database I've ever seen. Then Quick and Rich has data on local businesses that come from the website or from the local business directory. They have a lot of people who aren't on LinkedIn as well, too. And then GetLead has gigantic bulk download capabilities and it comes with mobile phone numbers. So, even when when we add another provider to our stack, we are always buying them for a specific reason. And so, if you're thinking about buying a provider, one, run the Sales Navigator test or scrape Google Maps and use parallel.ai or exa.ai to find the people that are the contacts at these companies and then see which ones have the best look up there as well, too. So, you don't have to overpay for the AI processing. But when you're adding more vendors, make sure that they're actually solving a problem for you and you're not just adding another one just to have another one. All right, point 12, stop overpaying for data. Data should be ridiculously cheap. You have to find company data and you have to find contact data and then you have to find email data and then there's maybe some filtering on top of it. All right, so for company data, you're most of the time going to be getting your data either from LinkedIn or you're going to be getting it from Google Maps. On Rapid API, there's a Google Maps scraper that will for $100 a month will give you 3 million requests. If your TAM has over 3 million companies in it, go spend $200. Like that's like you have a solved problem on the Google Maps side. On the LinkedIn side, a lot of people don't know this, but People Data Labs will give you the entire company LinkedIn data set that they have for free on their website if you just go to the link. Sign up, put your email, it's the entire LinkedIn company database. Now, if you're looking for peptide manufacturers, just go use Aexa and parallel and Claude and just you pay AI to just find these crazy companies. But other than that, company data, basically free. Contact data, you now have access to I think Signals has unlimited contact data, Lead Magic has unlimited contact data, Blitz API will find contacts for you, Get Leads, Quickenrich will find contacts for you. And then if you really, really need it to be up-to-date, you can use the Harvest API and that's 0.004 per lookup at each company. For emails, like I said, whatever the pricing is of Lead Magic * 6. You can get 60-70% of all the emails that are out there, you can just guess the emails. That 30% you're going to be paying the vendors for. So, if you're paying anything higher than 2 cents per contact including the company, you're overpaying. Company data is basically free now. Now, there's also no excuse for any bad company list as well because of AI. So, now if you download the entire People Data Labs list, you get all the Google Maps list. You can now literally tell AI, can you use a Python library to scrape the homepage of the website? And this is what my ICP will look like. These are the things that have to be true for my ICP. Can you see if they mention these keywords? Or could we use GPT-5 Nano on the batch API to score all of these companies? That's all it takes. Put that into Claude code or Codex or something and you can clean up any company list. So, what we've been doing and you can see is we will start with our customers do not contact list and look up what industries do they show up in on LinkedIn, what are the keywords on their websites, what are the keywords in their description? And then we will use Blitz API, Prospect.io, Quickenrich to find any companies that look like that. Do they have the same industry? Make sure they're in the same employee head count range. Do they mention the same keywords in their description? And we use Claude Fable to do all of this list building. I made a whole video on it. And so, then you'll get the whole universe of everybody that fits the industry at all, anybody that mentions the keyword at all. And then you use GPT-5 Nano to cut that list down. Now, on campaign strategy, we're switching gears going into this. For campaign strategy, the number one thing to make cold email work is you have to have a cold traffic offer. And if you have a warm traffic offer, you have to know that and you have to know how that's going to be changing your campaign. I define this in another video on my second channel called Cold Outbound Clips. Go subscribe. The five pillars of what I would call a cold traffic offer very quickly. So, one, the kind of offer that it is, it has to be most likely a make money offer. And if you have a save time or save money offer, try to make it a make money offer. And if it's really save time or save money, you need to communicate that it's like an 80-90% time saving. Nobody is going to move on email for a 10% time saving or a 10% discount on something. It's really got to be a categorical shift in the way that they're spending their time or their money. And that's the way you need to communicate that. Number two is pairing people with really relevant signals. If you had a service paving people's parking lots, you go to every restaurant in the world and you say, "Hey, do you need your parking lot repaved?" You're going to get a really low reply rate. But, if you filter your list really well to only people who on Google Maps looks like they have crappy parking lots, you're obviously going to do a lot better. So, you can use your list even if you have what would be more of a warm traffic offer. Usually people are coming to you for that. You can use your list to then turn that with a cold traffic offer. Number three is using relevant case studies. Basically saying, "Hey, we accomplished this amazing goal for this other company that looks just like you. I bet we could help you do the same thing. Want to talk?" The fourth thing is that the next step has to be easy to say yes to. I added this in because we were helping a company that sells dental products to dentists. It didn't fit any of this. It literally didn't help them make more money. It didn't help them save time. Well, if it did, it helped them save minutes. It wasn't anything crazy. There was no signal that we could do. But, step was us sending them a free sample and their CAC to get a free sample form fill on Facebook was $300 and with us it's $40. A crazy ordinate change. And then finally, the fifth part is you have to be sharing some kind of service or product that they cannot just go on ChatGPT and just look up or they can't just Google it. So, I think one reason bookkeeping services is kind of hard to do over cold email is because everybody knows about bookkeeping services. But, if you twist that and you're like, "Well, we do bookkeeping services, but we also do tax." And then you say, "Oh, okay. You know, did you know that the IRS did a test where they sent out one tax return to 20 different firms and 19 different strategies came back? You know, you can't just trust one strategy. We have a look at it and see if we can uncover more savings for you." And I mean, it's still a bookkeeping tax offer, but a way different framing. When you're using personalization in your campaign strategy, nothing like I loved your website, I love what you're doing at this company. I saw that you're the CEO and you've been doing that for 2 years. None of that. The same way that you would research a company manually for 10 minutes. And what would you say after that research? That's the AI personalization that you should be going for. Then, for your campaign strategy, when you're evaluating the performance of a campaign, you want to think about all the things that you can control. Is the email deliverability good? Yes, I think so because the warm-up reputation is 100%. The seed list came back at 100%. Our reply rate is above 1%. We sent to the auto responders and more than 80% of them came back. And we're having perfect deliverability and the same reply rate we usually get on the partnership campaign, the influencer campaign, the candidate sourcing campaign, whatever it might be. Then, you say, "All right, are we sending to the right list?" Clay is amazing at analyzing the list, but you could also do it like a little manual once over and make sure that it all looks good. And then you look at the copywriting. Email deliverability and list building is very much a hard science. If you follow those five steps for email deliverability, and you look at the list and you say, "Yeah, these are the people I want to be sending emails to." Everything that you need to be working on is framing your offer or coming up with a new cold traffic offer. And when I say framing, I kind of think of the bookkeeping tax thing. And I would put all of your effort in you know the inboxes are good and you know the list is good, all of your effort making a new offer, putting in the framing, redoing the copywriting. Also, I see people they'll tell me that cold email doesn't work. And then I say, "Okay, great. How many emails did you send?" And they said, "Oh, I sent 300." I was like, "No, no, no. We don't even call a campaign successful or unsuccessful until it sent 1,000 emails. And if we sent 1,000 emails and we get one positive response, we let it go to 3,000 emails before we call it successful or not successful." So, if you sent 1,000 though and you don't get a positive response, you can shut it off. But if you get a positive response, scale that to 3,000 before you conclude that it's, you know, a terrible campaign or something. And it's my full belief that campaigns work quickly or they don't work. And so, what I mean by that, you might have heard Alex Hormozi say he thought he could get outbound implemented in 6 months and it actually took them a year. But, that is all about bound. What we talk about on this channel, what we provide for our services, a lot of those things is very much up until a positive response. After a positive response, you got a lot of problems you still still got to solve. How are you booking that? How are you making sure that your no-shows stay down? Is it the right ICP? What does your sales process look like for a warm lead versus a cold lead? You got a lot of issues that you still have to solve past the positive response. And so, when people say, "Well, outbound's going to take a little bit, you know, you got to invest in it and all those other things." Yes, but you really should be getting positive responses quickly. And we tell our customers that all the time. That's why if you want to work with our agency, you either have to show us that outbound is working for you right now and you want a partner to scale it, or we'll run a free campaign for you. Because that's how much we believe that we know that it's either going to work or it's not. And if it doesn't work, you need to radically change your offer. Most likely is going to be the case. Rule number 19, I just put this in as always be testing. Don't even listen completely to somebody like me and the things that you hear on this YouTube channel. You need to be thinking, "What could I be doing differently? How can I be improving the campaigns?" Some people might be telling you, "Oh, don't send images in an email. It's going to ruin your deliverability." Okay, so what we've seen from that is if you send plain text, you get 70 people out of 100 to see your email and then no responses. But, then you send an image, it helps illustrate your point so much better that 40 people see it and two people respond, you're going to be sending the image all day. So, you want to be testing these things. And like use Claude and Codex as a thought partner for you to say, "Okay, hey, look at the results from last week. What are some new things that we could be doing better? Read our sales calls. Read our company contacts. So, let's think of new things that we could be doing." And use it as a thought partner because you might even hear me say email one is going to get all of your positive responses. 99% of the time, that's true. I just spoke to a customer today and I told them you were the first customer I've ever seen that email two gets a higher positive response and even when we change email two to email one, email two still gets a higher positive response. Even when you listen to the people who are trying to build their brand and content, all these things, you still want to be doing testing for yourself. Don't just take, you know, and just say like, "Well, I'm going to just build an AI bot on Eric's YouTube channel and then that's going to answer everything for me." Try to pave your own path cuz I'm trying to give examples of what I've learned. But you might be in an industry that I've never seen before and you might come up with a format that crushes in that industry that I I would have never talked about. If you made it this long in the video, I really appreciate it. If you're a B2B company doing over $3 million in revenue and you want us to run a free campaign for you, we'd love for you to fill out the form at coldoutbound.com and we're going to leave the form down in the description as well, too. Thanks, guys, and I'll see you on the next video.