Before the books and content empire, Alex Shamoszi built Gym Launch and he said that when the company sold, around half of its sales were coming from cold outbound. >> To this day, the company is up 45% from when I sold with Outbound equating to over 50% of sales. >> He still tells beginners it's the first thing to learn. The problem is his cold email specifics are scattered across years of podcast, Q&As's in one master class most people have never probably seen. So, I pulled all of it in this video. Alex Samozy's actual cold email strategy, the list, the message, the offer that multiplies replies, the follow-up machine, and at the end, the one outreach play that he calls the best he's ever seen, rebuilt as a cold email in front of you. So, let's get into it. So, first things first, let's look at why Alex Ramosi is so keen on cold email, as he said himself. He said, >> "Um, I see outbound, in my opinion, as the as the as the beginner's play to learning how to get customers. And I like this because it teaches volume and it teaches you how to sell to cold prospects." >> Massive. Couldn't agree more. I see outbound as a beginner's play to learning how to get customers. It teaches you volume and it teaches you how to sell to cold prospects. This skill set alone will teach you the grit that will allow you to sell from other mechanisms, right? So, if you're a beginner, like even we teach this because it gets you in the habit. It gets you in that frame of okay, it does take volume. It does take a lot of effort in order to do it. It is a massive win. Like it teaches you really how to sell to someone who has no idea who you are, which is really the whole skill of sales. And if you can do that as a beginner, if you're just starting to get new customers and you can use cold outbound as a mechanism to get new clients, like everything else will be on easy mode because if you can crack this code, you can sell to people who know who you are a lot lot easier. And then also it kind of just sets the bar of what it actually takes to get customers, which is from an expectation perspective harder than what people think. Okay, let's look at what he said next. >> So I actually found out that there was a company, a gym company in my space doing $10 million a month from cold outreach and I didn't even know they existed. And that was when I was like, you know what, I need to look at this closer. And that was ultimately the time I succeeded because I saw how much scale they had and I said, man, if they're doing that in my space, this is worth it. massive Hormosi himself. There was a company doing $10 million a month from cold outreach he didn't even know existed. You don't need an audience. You don't need a brand. All you need to do is outreach at volume. And you can build in silence by cracking the code on this. Like with other mechanisms of outreach or other mechanisms of client acquisition, you need three wheels turning at once in order for one of the wheels to actually provide the results. With Outbound, clearly, as Alex Rosie just said, you don't need the audience. You don't need the brand. You just need to crack one channel, and that channel is what's going to pull people in. And the effort level of doing multiple things at once and juggling multiple ways of getting clients is slim. Okay, let's look at what he said next. >> They're going to click your social profile cuz your prof your social profiles now have become the deacto website, right? Who is this person? What are they about? Well, I'm going to go just consume some stuff and figure out what they're about. So you just want to have a baseline of like at least I mean it sounds crazy but like I don't know at least every three days you know two two or three times a week at minimum that you make a post on at least one platform and ideally link that platform to whatever your outreach meth mechanism is and if you're doing outreach on a platform then that should at least be the plat like if you're on LinkedIn make some LinkedIn content right >> super solid okay so what he's saying and this is new advice of recent that when prospects hit on you they're not necessarily going to look at your website they're going to look at your social profiles and what he's suggesting is that instead of like optimizing for your website. They're not going to Google you necessarily. They're going to go to your Instagram or your LinkedIn or whatever channel that you're actually going on. And he is really keen on building the personal brand and building the brand and posting content because now guess what? Content is what's going to actually draw people in and allow people to get to know you and and ultimately just boost your credibility and that connection with people and the trust because cold email, they don't know who you are, but when they go to look at you, they're going to look at your social profile. so important to link your social profiles in the cold email so that they can check you out from that perspective which couldn't agree more. I mean it's so much more personable and going to scale trust more than a website will which is not humanized at all. Two things from this we want to have set up before we send emails. One we need to make sure our sending domain is actually warmed up so that when we send emails at scale especially as beginners they actually land in the inbox. And two, the public profiles, whatever you're using. If you're a LinkedIn person, great. If you're a more on Instagram and your customers are more on Instagram, cool. We need to optimize those and we need to make sure that they're ready to be looked at. That is literally the starting line. So, let's talk about how we can do at least the first part. So, first things first, like the deliverability, right? If we're sending as a beginner and we want to scale at volume, what we don't want to do is we don't want to send from our main domain. We want to make sure that we have multiple domains set up so that we can actually send at volume. So, if I go into the email section inside of Instantly, click add new, I can go ahead and use their done for you setup, and I can go ahead and type in, you know, my domain, and what will populate are similar domains. And what I'll be able to do is basically buy domains and buy emails that I can then send from. So, now when I go ahead and start sending these emails, I have all of these properly being warmed up inside of Instantly. So, I can purchase these and that way I can send 30 or so emails per email, and I can actually send at volume that's going to make an impact. And then all the warming up will be done inside of instantly and give me a health score ensuring that when I do send these emails, they're actually going to land in the inbox. So that is mad mad important before we ever start this. Okay, let's go to the next section of his advice. And the next section is the list and the part that everyone skips. So let's see what he talks about on this front. >> The list is still king. If you're, you know, if you hit a terrible list, it doesn't matter how good everything else is, you're not going to get responses. And so [music] really being putting more effort into thinking how can we clean lists and scrape lists from better sources that have more qualified leads uh is probably like of all of the things that's that's that's probably even more important than lead magnet because you have to have that before you can introduce anything else. Like you email a bunch of moms and you're talking about SAS software like it really doesn't matter. >> So he says the list is still king. If you hit a terrible list doesn't matter how good everything else is. You email a bunch of moms you're talking about SAS software really does not matter. couldn't be more true. He did this master class with the instantly founders and he ranked list literally as number one. List is king. It's above the message, above the lead magnet, above the offer, above anything else, the list is the most paramount because if we have the perfect email to the wrong person. How good is that? How do we tactically do this? Well, we first want to define who we want to sell to with crazy crazy precision. Okay, that is the first step to building out our cold emails. Then we build the list around who we actually want to be talking to. And then we write the copy to the list that we've been able to pull based off of the avatar that we're actually wanting to send from. And data suggests based off of like instantly report. Like the smaller the list, the more specific that we can be, the more responses, the more replies we're going to get because it's going to be more relevant to the person that we're actually sending an email to. What we don't want to do is do it backwards. We don't want to get a big list, then try to figure out what to say. We want to do it the opposite way. And then again going back to deliverability like if a perfect list that you burn with a bad email doesn't matter also. So again we need to go back to that first step on the deliverability and make sure that we are set up. Let's show how we can actually do this really really simply. Obviously I just showed you how to warm up the domains. We have the deliverability dialed the health score going up to 100%. From a list perspective, I want to think about, okay, how can I build like a really specific list so that the copy that I'm going to write to this really specific list is going to be really absolutely relevant to this specific person. I'm not going to think, oh, I'm going to target real estate agents, so I'm going to pull a list of 100,000 real estate agents on this tool and I'm going to go ahead and blast the same message to everybody. No, because what's going to win from the list, like the purpose of having a good list, is that you can be relevant with what you're actually sending to them. So, if I'm like going to target realators, and I want them to work at a company called Compass, which is a massive company, cool. I can be really, really relevant to this list because I've pulled it in that specific way. Okay. Maybe you're targeting people who have job listings available. If you're doing some sort of like sales training or you're selling something in the realm of sales and people are hiring sales people and you want to have that be an indicator that they're growing and they're scaling, right? you could mention that in the email because it's going to be relevant. Maybe there's some sort of buying signal that we can easily find inside of this leadfinder that we know they posted recently on LinkedIn or there's growth signals like website traffic surge, company expanding, etc., etc. We can use those to our advantage when building that list so that when we send the email based off of these signals, it is a lot more relevant to the recipient so that it increases the likelihood of them to respond. Okay, let's go to the next section of what Hormozi advice is about, which is how to write the email. His best advice is not a template that he goes over. It is [music] two constraints. >> I got a 50% response bump in email, which is pretty big. And all I did was I rewrote all of our templates in below third grade reading level. So, what I recommend doing is taking all of your scripts, all of your phone scripts, all of your text scripts, all of your email scripts, everything, and running them all through a free reading level app online. All right? I won't recommend one because they go out of business all the time, but I promise you can find one. All right? So, all you do is you make your message easier to understand and more people will respond because they actually get it. It's easier for them to comprehend. >> He said he got a 50% response bump in email and all he did was rewrite the templates in below third grade reading level. Okay, let's look at the first rule. He rewrote his emails at a third grade reading level. That's the first real constraint that he solved for. 50% more replies as a result. Because what happens often times when people are sending cold emails is they think, you know, I need to put in jargon or I need to put in words that maybe I only understand or I need to do these fancy things that make me sound smarter. It actually has the opposite effect of doing that. What we want to be able to do is we want to make the email easy to understand to a third grader because the easier it is for them to understand, the easier it is for them to raise their hand to the email that you're sending them. Simple words get read. Jargon gets ignored. It's too complex to understand and really really hard. And this is something that he's really really consistent with in in all of his emails. Okay, let's look at the second rule that he talked about. >> Phone and chat scripts are never more than a page or two. And cold emails rarely are more than half a page. So, you don't need to overthink it. All right. So, if you're thinking about this, it's like this is not a lot of words that you have to put down to make this happen. The actual action is reaching out, not the script. Like, the first message might only be two or three sentences. All right? If you're doing DMs and if you're calling, it's a page, maybe two pages. Like, this does not take a long time. And you will learn more from your first 100 cold calls than a 100 books of on how to cold call. >> Cold emails are rarely half a page. Okay? That's the second rule, which for us, we need to keep it short. Like what we always say is we want to keep it around 80 words. What a lot of people do when they're sending cold emails is they want to make sure that they get all the information in that email so that they have all the context on how they could help them. The case studies, the problems, you know, all the things. But the problem is is people are going to open that and they're going to be overwhelmed by a wall of text and they're going to say, "Nope, I'm going to go ahead and cancel that and not read that and move it to my junk folder." So massive, massive tip here is to keep it short. Okay? If they have to scroll, we've already lost them. Okay, let's look at the next tip from Mr. Hormosi. >> I like it. One thing I would add is instead of saying like the 20 to 30, I would give the exact data. I say average, our average gym signs up 17.3 members in the first 30 days at this price point. >> Okay. What did he say here? Instead of saying 20 to 30 from like a case study perspective, this is the concept and we're talking about how to write the email. So, if you're adding case studies in the email, instead of saying 20 to 30, give exact data. Our average gym sign up is 17.3 members in the first 30 days. This small fix changes a lot because it becomes more believable. Okay. If it's a range, then it feels like marketing. It kind of feels like fluff, which makes a lot of sense in my head. Okay? So, we don't need a range. We don't need like the middle to to high-end. Be specific based off of the data, assuming that you're tracking the data on on your customers. Be really, really clear on that. Let's talk about what else he says. When it comes to writing the email, >> best way to get someone to ignore onetoone communication is to make it look like it's one to many. So, you can sell that to your clients. The best way to get someone to ignore a onetoone communication is make it look like it's one to many. So many people when they're sending emails [music] is it reads like I get it like I've done it myself often times where you know you write an email you think you write a banger email and then you read it back and it literally just does not sound personalized at all. Like today in today's day and age there's so many different ways to make it sound more relevant to the person in more of a onetoone. And I think a lot of people try to be too formal, try to be like too weirdly, oddly personalized in the emails, it sounds like a one to many email. How we want to frame our emails with personalizations, with relevancy, with a really solid list is to make it feel like it's a one to one. The second it smells like it's a mass email. It's going to get ignored. And what I like to do personally on this is I like to actually just reread the email. When I'm writing my emails, I like to reread it back and reread it out loud. make sure that it feels like it's a personalized email or like a email to one person. And by reading it out loud and scanning for that and having that lens as you're going through it, it is extremely extremely helpful. And this will allow you to be a lot more specific, a lot more keen on your copywriting so that when you're writing it, it is again through that lens. So when the person receives it, they don't feel like it's a cold email. They feel like it's like a email meant directly for that person. So third grade reading level, half a page max, one exact number, one looks mass sent. So let me just show you how we can do this inside of instantly or how I am doing this. So what I do is I just can simply click new campaign and I can go to sequences and I can go ahead and start writing my sequences. What we don't want to do is we don't want to have an email that looks like this. Imagine receiving this email. It is overwhelming, way too much text and immediately going to get ignored. Instead we want to make sure that we're following the principles that Hormosi laid out. Again, if we go back to those principles, third grade reading level, halfpage max, one exact number, never look mass sent. So, how we like to frame this is looking something like this. Relevance and specific list. Saw a company is running ads hard right now. That gets pricey fast and it stops the second you stop paying. Simple to understand. We help SAS teams book demos with our outbound setting system. No ad budget needed. One client swapped $8,000 a month in ads for outbound and they booked 22 demos in the first 30 days. Specific, short, sweet, to the point, easy to understand, following the principles that are actually relevant [music] to them. Then when I read this, it reads, "Hi, John. Saw XYZ company is running ads right now. That gets pricey fast and and it stops the second you stop paying. We help SAS teams book demos for outbound sending teams with no ad budget needed. One client swapped $8,000 a month in ads for outbound. They booked 22 gems in 30 days." That's not like, "Hey, hope all is doing well. Saw your recent LinkedIn post. Congrats on the success." Like that sounds mass. Like this is just straight to the point, human, pointed, easy to read. Definitely less than a half a page. [music] Boom. In and out. That's how we literally just automate this at scale. If we have a really solid list, we can have a really relevant first line and we can call it the problem. We can call it the solution that we can offer and we can name a case study. Let's talk about the next section that has talked about which is the offer and the lead magnet that multiplies replies. The fastest way to change your reply rate in his words has nothing to do with our writing. >> So creating an insane lead magnet and operationalizing that creating an unscalable lead magnet that they then you then scale like that is by far bar far bar bar far bar far bar far bar far bar far bar far bar far bar far bar far bar far bar none the biggest response rate boost that you're going to get. And whenever I look at constraints, I always try and go to the top of the funnel because going from 1% to 2% or or 1% to 3% or 3 and a half%. There are very few other parts of the funnel where you get, you know, a 2 and a half% increase and it actually triples, you know, the amount of actual throughput through the entire process. And so, usually I'll work from front to back. >> Creating an insane lead magnet, then operationalizing that is by far, baron, the biggest response rate boost that you're going to get. The single boost to our replies is an insane free offer delivered like clockwork. So, what does this actually mean? And a lot of people are saying, "Oh, like can I send you a loom video?" Or, "Hey, can we jump on a call?" Even worse, or hey, can I send you this PDF of a case study? It's like people don't care about that. What we suggest doing and following this principle, like if you are an agency, is what is in your offer that people normally pay for and then offering that and then picking the one thing and then how he said operationalizing that. Figure out how you can be mad efficient in fulfilling that one thing for the people who do say yes to it. And so when I talk about offering a level of service for free, I mean it. Because if you offer what you want to do is offer what other people actually charge for, not offer something so good that you could charge for it. No, offer stuff that other people charge for. It's a much cleaner way and they already have an anchor for what the value is. They understand that this actually cost businesses money. And when they do when you do that, the likely that likelihood that they will respond to you is significantly higher and you will significantly increase the percentage of people respond to your outreach attempts. >> I love the anchoring it [music] in value because these customers that you're emailing, they're aware of solutions most likely if you're emailing them and they're aware that it costs money. So, by you coming in and offering something that they're aware of that costs money, they think, "Oh my gosh, this is super super valuable, I would feel stupid saying no." In kind of the hormoney words, I think that is the biggest takeaway that I've gotten is anchoring it in something that they're aware of that costs money so that when we offer it, they're like, "Oh my gosh, of course I'm going to say yes. Of course, I'm going to raise my hand. Of course, I'm going to reply to this." and they're aware of the value that they're getting, which is going to create reciprocity, which will allow you to have the atbat when it comes time to actually fulfill on the services. Because if they're responding to your lead magnet that's actually worth something, they're aware of that that they actually have a problem. And when you actually can get in front of them and start talking to them and you gave the value and you're offering the value, that opens the door to a lot of opportunity. My friends, here's like some ideas. Like if you're an SEO agency, like free Google business profile optimization. Like here's things that you can start to operationalize and make it super super val. If you're a website agency, free landing page ready to go. If you're an ads agency, the five best performing ad creatives plus copy from a client in their niche. If you're a video agency, one free shoot or short form video. If you're a lead genen or cold email agency, a free list of 500 verified prospects. If you're a content agency, 30 days of post ideas plus five fully written and ready to go. If you're an email agency, a free welcome or abandoned cart flow. Okay. Okay, if you're a CRO agency, a free checkout sign up tear down with three highest impact fixes. If you're a branding agency, free ad or thumbnail concept for their next launch. If you're a PPC agency, a free wasted ad spend audit with the exact keywords burning budget. What is it in your process probably earlier on in your process that you're doing that you can operationalize that clients are aware of that are valuable and just give that away for free. And then all we do in our email sequences is we put the offer here. [music] We put the offer at the end to get them to raise their hand. And when they raise their hand, all of the replies are going to go to my uni [music] box and then I can actually set up a reply agent to go ahead and flag them for me and respond and either get them on a call so I can understand their business so I can deliver this really really well or to send what I'm actually offering them or trigger me to begin [music] to start the fulfillment on what it is that we're offering for free. This is how we're able to operationalize this whole thing. Anytime somebody replies, I get a notification. Cool. I'm going to work. I'm going to fire an email back to him. Say, "Hey, cool. We're going to work on this." Or, "Hey, cool. Let's book a call so I can understand your business and actually get this dialed in." Whatever the next step is can happen [music] in an instant. Let's talk about what he says about follow-ups and the four levers that he's identified. >> So, if you contact someone multiple times, then you show that you are serious. All right? And doing so quickly, and this is a key point, communicates you have something important to discuss. So, curiosity increases because they fear they're missing out. So if you contact someone twice via email and text and phone call and then or three times and then three times again a few times a few hours later and three times again a few hours later the likely they respond is pretty high a lot higher than if you called once and didn't leave a voicemail. But the thing is is most times that's what people do and say this doesn't work. >> If you contact somebody multiple times then you show that you are serious. Curiosity increases because the fear of missing out. Okay. Really the message here is that follow-up is not annoying. In his words, it's to signal that you are serious by following up with them, assuming your copy is good, assuming your list is good, assuming your offer is good. Every touch should make them more curious about what they're missing out on. Let's take a look at what he said about recycling lists. >> After you've attempted to contact them multiple times, multiple ways, wait 3 to 6 months and then do it again. >> If I am sending an email to somebody, typically what happens is, "Okay, cool. I got this list. stakes are high on this list because it's only a list of, you know, 2,000 people and I'm going to go through this list. Okay, cool. Let me set up my campaign, send my campaign, and then wow, I only had 4% replies and x amount of booked calls and there's so many more people on this list. This doesn't work. I need to go find another list. No, we don't need to do that because what we can do is we can use that same list inside of a tool like instantly. We can literally go through our list of leads. We can figure out who actually respond by going through our leads and going through the filters. And we can see who didn't reply. And we can actually export that list of everybody that didn't reply to the email. And then guess what we can do is we can use it in another cold email a couple months later with a new angle, with new copy, with a new offer perhaps because they're not going to remember who you are a couple months later. That is a massive pro tip for people. Just because you send 2,000 emails does not mean you need to get 2,000 new emails. Okay? we need to recycle that list into a new campaign of people who didn't move forward, didn't book a call, and did not become an actual client. Okay? And one thing that he also does is he gives four levers to pull. First is availability. Okay. This is the biggest driver of throughput. So, if we're have this banger offer that somebody says yes to and we're willing to fulfill on it for free and then they jump on the calendar and they don't see any availability on the calendar for the next few days, cooked. Okay? So what he suggests is make sure you have availability on the calendar. A lot of availability so there's a lot of options for them to actually choose from. Speed to contact. Okay, we need to make sure that he says within a few minutes, a couple of minutes, that's going to drastically increase the likelihood of your customer actually responding. And then thirdly, volume of outreach being the next lever to pull and the next lever to solve for. Okay, a lot of people grossly underestimate the amount of volume it takes to crack this code to make sure that it actually is going to work to test the copy, to test the offer that's actually going to get people to respond. We can pull these three levers, then the likelihood of outbound cold email actually working is going to be drastically increased. So, let's look at like availability for example, like what we need to do is we need to set up a calendar and then [music] I like that he says offer 15-minute time slots and offer 5 minutes in between, right? So it shows more availability, speed to contact. How we can do that inside of a tool like instantly is we can actually create an AI agent, a reply agent to go ahead and respond every single time somebody books a meeting with us or every single time somebody responds so that we can fire off a response immediately when somebody is in the I'm going to check my email side of of the business. And we can actually customize what it is that we want the response to say. And we can literally have this go automatically to the prospects based off of our offer. Volume of reach out. We need to make sure that we're building the lists constantly testing new lists, not expecting, oh, I have a list of 100 people. My life's going to change from 100 people. Like that's not what it is. We [music] need to 10x that if we're going to go from Cardone vibe, like we need to do a lot more volume than what we think is actually viable. And then lastly is replying on their channel. I'm going to play a clip from the conversation with the founders of Instantly about what he says about that, which I thought was really interesting. >> For me, I will never respond to an email. I just don't [music] respond. But I respond to texts. And so if if a sales guy, no matter how good he is, is trying to email me to get attention, I'm never going to respond. I wouldn't respond to my own mother. I'm not going to respond to email. But if I get a text, I'll respond. So it's very personalized from that perspective as well. And so those are kind of the four pillars of lead nurture as we saw them just looking at a ton of data. >> Meet them where they're at. reply on their channel, which would also mean reach out on their channel and make sure that you're hitting multiple channels. Okay, how we said earlier, more times more ways. Find the channel that's actually going to work. [music] He says, "I wouldn't even respond to my mom if you got an email." There's people out there like that. So, we need to respond on the channel that they're going to be active on. So, if somebody showed interest, we need to make sure that we're responding where they're active and actually going to reply. What we can do is we inside of Instantly, we build the list. We can set up the reply agent to respond quickly. We have the uni box which notifies us every single time that we get the response. And then if we're pulling a really solid list, guess what? Inside of here, we're able to pull the contact and we're able to pull the contacts data and find their LinkedIn, find other ways that we can actually reach out to these prospects. That could be a good way to meet them where they're more active. Last but not least, let's talk about his favorite outreach play rebuilt as cold email. He was asked what the best outreach [music] that he's ever seen for his best cold outreach tactic. He was on with the founders of Instantly and he did not hesitate. Let's take a look. >> The best one is actually the voicemail script that I put in the book which is uh hey this is John. I'm calling about Burger King, you know, give me a call back. So you talk about the competitor of theirs and you just have it's a completely open hook and I think it also probably would work for cold email. I just know that I got from a voicemail. uh that's the best open hook to uh get set call. >> So what he's saying is basically you talk about a competitor of theirs. [music] Essentially like what he's doing is if he's calling McDonald's in this case, hey this is John. I'm calling out Burger King. Give me a call back. Okay, that's what he said. Gets replies. How do we write this for cold email? How do we make it short? How do we make it about them? And how do we read a competitor's name and create that open loop in their head that they need to close? Here's an example of what I came up with. What I would do is in the subject line, I would put their competitor. So the subject line will basically be their closest competitor. So if maybe you're targeting an HVAC company, cool. In our list, we can pull maybe by city, we can use AI to find competitors. So if I go to like my list, for example, what I'll be able to do is I could go to super search, you know, like let's just do industry. I'm just going to do Hback for example. When I build this list or when I build lists, what I'll be able to do is I can go to add a column and I can use AI and then what I can actually do is I can write a prompt to find the biggest competitor in the area of that specific person's business and put their name there. So I could literally just write a prompt and have AI pull their competitor. So when I write the campaign, I can put the specific competitor to that specific person in the subject line. So that's what I would put as a subject line using this mechanism. Then I'd say, hey, this is John. Companies like competitor. So let's just use I'll use the Burger King example. I'm reaching out to McDonald's. So subject line would be Burger King. Hi Bill, this is John. Companies like Burger King are booking demos with cold email instead of burning budget ads. We just did 22 demos in 30 days for one of them. Want the exact setup? That's how we could use something like this. Create that open loop in their head, that sense of FOMO to get them to respond. That's how I would do this play. All right, the machine is built. list, message, offer, followup, and his favorite place on top. But cold email is just one lane of how Hermoszi generates demand. [music] And if you want the full picture, the philosophies, the warm outreach offers and content that's sitting around them, I actually broke down his entire lead generation strategy in the next video that's on your screen right now. So, I'll see you over